doc: Update console branding instructions for cloud (#196)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/reference/branding/_index.md

<!--more-->

## Cloud Branding

> Cloud users need to [contact The Things Industries](mailto:support@thethingsindustries.com) to update branding in the console. See below for what's available to customize and what files are necessary. The files can be uploaded to a CDN or sent to The Things Industries to be uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud users need to [contact The Things Industries](mailto:support@thethingsindustries.com) to update branding in the console. See below for what's available to customize and what files are necessary. To request a branding update, either send us a link to a CDN which hosts these files or attach them to the email.
```
